Fix release script and update contrib docs (#184)
appliedAI-Initiative/pyDVL: CONTRIBUTING.md

## CI and release processes

### Skipping CI run

You sometimes would like to skip CI for certain commits (e.g. updating the readme). 
In order to do that you can simply prefix the commit message with `[skip ci]`.

> 
> **NOTE:**
> - Other strings, like `[ci skip]`, can be used as well, but we prefer the one described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Other strings, like `[ci skip]` are allowed, but we prefer `[skip ci]`.
```

summary of pending changes and ask for confirmation before executing the
actions.

Once this is done, a package will be automatically created and published from CI to PyPI.

### Manual release process

If the automatic release process doesn't cover your use case, you can also
create a new release manually by following these steps:

1. (Repeat as needed) implement features on feature branches merged into

>   `develop`. Each merge into develop will publishg a new pre-release version 
>    into TestPyPI. These versions can be installed using `pip install --pre 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `develop`. Each merge into develop will publish a new pre-release version 
   to TestPyPI. These versions can be installed using `pip install --pre 
```
